and
I
hope he has a sunny day and a poo-poo day, and I hope
Brian has a silly day. And when we were on the train,
we cut off Brian's hair, we knocked out Scrooge's
hair, and we dropped the blood off. And We got in the
train, and we broke everything, and we beat the
other thing. And I laughed. And we cracked a
microphone, and it had a bull hand in front of a
microphone, too. And my microphone man, boy, was
he mad. And we met Beyonce.
Grandpa had to put the tape on. And Grandpa had to
put the tape on in the mask of the universe. And
Brian's being silly around the earth. But the
radio was being naughty noise. And he watched out
for a tornado. Sure, the greatest one is off. We
need a boo-woo, we need a boo-woo, we need a
boo-woo. And by switching the light off, we may
talk to Brian Sabiria. Hi, everyone. Good
morning. Hi, everyone. Have a nice sleep day. When
we were on the plane, Grandma Bravo was going to
take pictures of us and our penises sticking out.
Thanks, man. Before we had it, we had a Mr. Logo.
Thanks. And we had a Mr. B here, too. We caught up.
Can I sit right here? Hi. I'll go, you go, you go, you
go, you go. We have a class. Do it up. Come on, do it.
I'll go. I'll go. I'll go. I'll go. I'll go. I'll go.
I'll go. I'll go. I'll go. Here
we go. Yeah. But I want to tell Grandpa it's time to
put the tape on. Oh, ladies and gentlemen, he's
excusing. Oh, and I have to put the tape on. Stephen
dropped it. You can't do that, guys. You can't
touch this thing, okay? We're ready for it. We're
ready to hear our time.
Yeah. Oh, hello. This is Doc, the hairy horse
monster. Today, we will talk about...
We got
new clothes on. And...
Brian, I went in on the head. Boom. And I hit his
knee. But. And he hit me. But. But I don't want to
mess with his house. And every time we take on the
computer.
But. We hear this girl. What? Rock, rock, rock,
rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock,
rock, rock,
rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock,
rock, rock, rock, rock. First thing, this is the
computer. Uncle Carl knows about it, but I don't.
His students did a little stupid and pee-pee
today, but I didn't know about him. He's really
confusing about me. Maybe we have a good tape
going. We're waiting. Yeah, Puma. Grandpa,
we're ready for the tape!
Grandpa, we're ready to hear the tape! Hello
there.